feat(assets): Add property to image services to control which properties to use for hashing (#8984)
withastro/astro: .changeset/new-islands-lick.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> Added a property to image services to allow them to specify which properties of `getImage` / `Image` / `Picture` should be used for hashing the result files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new property `propertiesToHash` to the Image Services API to allow specifying which properties of `getImage()` / `<Image />` / `<Picture />` should be used for hashing the result files.
```
Could be useful for some to have the property listed here! Also, please double check the wording still makes sense with the slight change!
